Update documentation and README content. (#92)
okta/okta-mobile-swift: Samples/UserPasswordSignIn/README.md

# UserPasswordSignIn

> This sample contains a single sample application scheme:
> 
> ## UserPasswordSignIn (macOS)
> 
> This sample demonstrates the `ResourceOwnerFlow`, which allows users to sign in with a simple username and password. This is a macOS command-line application, and uses command-line arguments to supply client settings.
> 
> Simply build the application and, finding the path to the executable within your `DerivedData` folder, and execute the command from the command-line.  Alternatively, you can edit the `UserPasswordSignIn (macOS)` scheme to add arguments, which will enable you to run the sample from within the Xcode debug environment.

Reviewer: Same comments on structure as above:

````suggestion
## Abstract

Add sign-in with a username and password to a macOS app.

## Overview

The command-line interface (CLI) app in the sample requires five pieces of information:

- The domain for your Okta org authorization server. This is usually the domain of your registered Okta org followed by `/oauth2/default`, such as `https://dev-1234567.okta.com/oauth2/default`.
- The client ID from the Okta Org Application Integration from the Okta Admin console, such as `0ux3rutxocxFX9xyz3t9`.
- The permissions, or OAuth scopes that are requested by the application, such as `openid` or `profile`.
- The username.
- The password.

You provide the first three items as command-line arguments. For example:

```zsh
$ UserPasswordSignIn --client-id 0ux3rutxocxFX9xyz3t9 --domain https://dev-1234567.okta.com/oauth2/default --scopes "openid profile"
```

The app prompts for the username and then the password.

## Running the App

You can run the app from the command line, or by using the Build and Run command in Xcode and providing the command line argument values in your scheme.

To find the full path for the executable of the app:

1. Build the app in Xcode.
2. In the Project Navigator window, select `UserPasswordSignIn` in the Products folder.
3. The full path is shown in the File Inspector.
````
